[Music]
i used to be loved
i used to be a kid detective we're all
really counting on you
i was so far ahead of the game
but one day i just woke up behind this
guy in my homeroom claims she practiced
with the mets i need to find out if he's
lying
he's lying
so what can i help you with somebody
murdered my boyfriend
seriously pretty seriously he was
stabbed 17 times
is it possible he was involved in drugs
no
he would never do drugs gambling no he
would never gamble
demon worship no he would never worship
a demon
here comes the kid detective
[Music]
someone's following us this isn't safe
they're trying to see how my head works
somebody's testing me
[Applause]
[Music]